docs: include notes about globals in migration-guide (#18356)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/use/configure/migration-guide.md

];
```

> Note that for this to work or if you get `Global "AudioWorkletGlobalScope " has leading or trailing whitespace`, you'll need to install the latest `globals` package.

Reviewer: This is way too specific an error message to include here. We can also format this a bit nicer.

```suggestion
::: tip
You'll need to install the `globals` package from npm for this example to work. It is not automatically installed by ESLint.
:::
```
